doc for "tracking lines and polygons" (#45)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/user-guide/track_lines_polygons.rst

.. _track_linges_polygons:

Tracking of lines and polygons
==============================

You have the possibility to do tracking on lines and polygons.

> The option is available when GPS is enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's available when GPS is enabled. 
```

Reviewer 2: "It is" <- I think in "professional writing" the long form is preferred.

Reviewer: Are you calling me an un-professional writer? :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
I am fine with "It is"...

Tracking can be started over the legend - long press on the layer.

.. container:: clearer text-center

    .. image:: /images/track_lines_started.jpeg
       :width: 640px
       :alt: track_lines_started

> The time interval and the minimum distance can be entered individually to define when the vertex need to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time interval and the minimum distance can be entered individually to define when a vertex needs to be set.
```

.. container:: clearer text-center

    .. image:: /images/track_lines_tracker_settings.jpeg
       :width: 640px
       :alt: tracker_settings

There can be several trackings active on several layers. 

> But only one tracking session per layer can be active at the time. 

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between a "tracking (on a layer)" and a "tracking session"?
I think this needs some explanation somewhere.

Reviewer: As I used it in the PR comment I thought tracking starts when the track is recorded and a tracking session starts earlier, when the user enters the tracking properties - but I guess we do not need to make a difference here in the documentation, so I would only use one. I like tracking but tracking session is maybe more understandable.

Author: @m-kuhn do you prefer tracking or tracking session?

Reviewer 2: I like tracking session but no strong opinion

Reviewer: So lets take tracking session. I think it's easier to understand for the user.

.. container:: clearer text-center

    .. image:: /images/track_lines_tracking_layers1.jpeg
       :width: 640px
       :alt: tracking_layers1

    .. image:: /images/track_lines_tracking_layers2.jpeg
       :width: 640px
       :alt: tracking_layers2

The tracked feature is saved on every vertex. 

> While the tracking session is active the layer is still editable, but the tracked feature can't be edited or deleted until the tracking session is stopped over the legend again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the tracking session is active the layer is still editable, but the tracked feature can't be edited or deleted until the tracking session is stopped.
```

Author: ```suggestion
While the tracking session is active the layer is still editable, but the tracked feature can't be edited or deleted until the tracking session is stopped. 
The session can be stop over the legend.
```

.. container:: clearer text-center

    .. image:: /images/track_lines_stop_tracking_delete.jpeg
       :width: 640px
       :alt: stop_tracking_delete

> If the layer geometry supports m value, the time is stored in the m value from the start of the tracking.

Reviewer 2: What does "start of the tracking" refer to exactly?

Reviewer: The time that passed since the first vertex of this tracking (session) has been recorded.

Reviewer 2: Do we lose anything if we use an absolute value (epoch timestamp) instead of a relative value?
https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qdatetime.html#currentMSecsSinceEpoch

Reviewer: You talking about change the way of work of QField? 
Hm... The relative value was a requirement I think. But we can discuss it again.

Reviewer 2: Yes, about this.
@3nids ?

> If the layer geometry supports m value, the time is stored in the m value from the start of the tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the layer geometry supports m value, the time is stored in the m value, that passed since the first vertex of this tracking has been recorded.
```
